allocated page 0 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 0 in create_input_pages
allocated page 1 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 1 in create_input_pages
allocated page 2 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 2 in create_input_pages
allocated page 3 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 3 in create_input_pages
allocated page 4 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 4 in create_input_pages
allocated page 5 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 5 in create_input_pages
allocated page 6 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 6 in create_input_pages
allocated page 7 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 7 in create_input_pages
allocated page 8 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 8 in create_input_pages
allocated page 9 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 9 in create_input_pages
allocated page 10 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 10 in create_input_pages
allocated page 11 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 11 in create_input_pages
allocated page 12 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 12 in create_input_pages
allocated page 13 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 13 in create_input_pages
allocated page 14 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 14 in create_input_pages
allocated page 15 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 15 in create_input_pages
allocated page 16 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 16 in create_input_pages
allocated page 17 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 17 in create_input_pages
allocated page 18 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 18 in create_input_pages
allocated page 19 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 19 in create_input_pages
allocated page 20 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 20 in create_input_pages
allocated page 21 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 21 in create_input_pages
allocated page 22 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 22 in create_input_pages
allocated page 23 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 23 in create_input_pages
allocated page 24 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 24 in create_input_pages
allocated page 25 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 25 in create_input_pages
allocated page 26 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 26 in create_input_pages
allocated page 27 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 27 in create_input_pages
allocated page 28 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 28 in create_input_pages
allocated page 29 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 29 in create_input_pages
allocated page 30 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 30 in create_input_pages
allocated page 31 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 31 in create_input_pages
allocated page 32 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 32 in create_input_pages
allocated page 33 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 33 in create_input_pages
allocated page 34 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 34 in create_input_pages
allocated page 35 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 35 in create_input_pages
allocated page 36 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 36 in create_input_pages
allocated page 37 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 37 in create_input_pages
allocated page 38 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 38 in create_input_pages
allocated page 39 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 39 in create_input_pages
allocated page 40 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 40 in create_input_pages
allocated page 41 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 41 in create_input_pages
allocated page 42 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 42 in create_input_pages
allocated page 43 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 43 in create_input_pages
allocated page 44 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 44 in create_input_pages
allocated page 45 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 45 in create_input_pages
allocated page 46 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 46 in create_input_pages
allocated page 47 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 47 in create_input_pages
allocated page 48 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 48 in create_input_pages
allocated page 49 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 49 in create_input_pages
allocated page 50 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 50 in create_input_pages
allocated page 51 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 51 in create_input_pages
allocated page 52 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 52 in create_input_pages
allocated page 53 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 53 in create_input_pages
allocated page 54 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 54 in create_input_pages
allocated page 55 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 55 in create_input_pages
allocated page 56 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 56 in create_input_pages
allocated page 57 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 57 in create_input_pages
allocated page 58 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 58 in create_input_pages
allocated page 59 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 59 in create_input_pages
allocated page 60 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 60 in create_input_pages
allocated page 61 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 61 in create_input_pages
allocated page 62 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 62 in create_input_pages
allocated page 63 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 63 in create_input_pages
allocated page 64 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 64 in create_input_pages
allocated page 65 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 65 in create_input_pages
allocated page 66 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 66 in create_input_pages
allocated page 67 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 67 in create_input_pages
allocated page 68 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 68 in create_input_pages
allocated page 69 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 69 in create_input_pages
allocated page 70 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 70 in create_input_pages
allocated page 71 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 71 in create_input_pages
allocated page 72 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 72 in create_input_pages
allocated page 73 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 73 in create_input_pages
allocated page 74 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 74 in create_input_pages
allocated page 75 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 75 in create_input_pages
allocated page 76 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 76 in create_input_pages
allocated page 77 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 77 in create_input_pages
allocated page 78 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 78 in create_input_pages
allocated page 79 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 79 in create_input_pages
allocated page 80 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 80 in create_input_pages
allocated page 81 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 81 in create_input_pages
allocated page 82 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 82 in create_input_pages
allocated page 83 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 83 in create_input_pages
allocated page 84 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 84 in create_input_pages
allocated page 85 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 85 in create_input_pages
allocated page 86 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 86 in create_input_pages
allocated page 87 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 87 in create_input_pages
allocated page 88 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 88 in create_input_pages
allocated page 89 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 89 in create_input_pages
allocated page 90 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 90 in create_input_pages
allocated page 91 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 91 in create_input_pages
allocated page 92 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 92 in create_input_pages
allocated page 93 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 93 in create_input_pages
allocated page 94 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 94 in create_input_pages
allocated page 95 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 95 in create_input_pages
allocated page 96 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 96 in create_input_pages
allocated page 97 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 97 in create_input_pages
allocated page 98 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 98 in create_input_pages
allocated page 99 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 99 in create_input_pages
allocated page 100 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 100 in create_input_pages
allocated page 101 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 101 in create_input_pages
allocated page 102 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 102 in create_input_pages
allocated page 103 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 103 in create_input_pages
allocated page 104 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 104 in create_input_pages
allocated page 105 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 105 in create_input_pages
allocated page 106 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 106 in create_input_pages
allocated page 107 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 107 in create_input_pages
allocated page 108 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 108 in create_input_pages
allocated page 109 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 109 in create_input_pages
allocated page 110 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 110 in create_input_pages
allocated page 111 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 111 in create_input_pages
allocated page 112 in create_input_pages
deallocated page 112 in create_input_pages
Number of seeks required in mergesort for reads: 7
Number of seeks required in mergesort for writes: 134
Number of transfers required in mergesort for reads: 132
Number of transfers required in mergesort for writes: 233
